docs: Reword socket.setNoDelay() (#31541)
nodejs/node: doc/api/net.md

* `noDelay` {boolean} **Default:** `true`
* Returns: {net.Socket} The socket itself.

> Enable/disable the Nagle algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable/disable the Nagle's algorithm.
```

Author: Reworked it a little bit.

> When TCP connections are created have the Nagle algorithm enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a TCP connection is created it will have Nagle's algorithm enabled.
```

Author: Changed it

> TCP connections when they are created have the Nagle algorithm enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When TCP connections are created have the Nagle algorithm enabled.
```

Author: Change accepted and committed.

> When a TCP connection is created it will have Nagle's algorithm enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When a TCP connection is created, it will have Nagle's algorithm enabled.
```

Author: Added comma

> The Nagle algorithm delays data before it is sent via the network. It attempts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nagle's algorithm delays data before it is sent via the network. It attempts
```

Author: Changed.

to optimize throughput at the expense of latency.

> Passing `true` for `noDelay` or not passing an argument will disable the Nagle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing `true` for `noDelay` or not passing an argument will disable Nagle's
```

Author: Changed it.

> Setting `true` for `noDelay` or not passing an argument will disable the Nagle

Reviewer 4: Maybe ```Passing `true` for `noDelay` ``` or ```Setting `noDelay` to `true` ```? (also in the next sentence)

Author: Great feedback, see updated commit.

> algorithm for the socket. Passing `false` for `noDelay` will enable the Nagle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithm for the socket. Passing `false` for `noDelay` will enable Nagle's
```

Author: Changed
